Christina Badura: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Fancy meeting you here.
Christina Badura: We're good that you can't hear me or see me until I push buttons.
Christina Badura: Almost smiling saying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's funny, I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So this will take us very long. We just have to complete your bio psychosocial
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's just about getting some of your history is all it is.
Christina Badura: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can usually we can usually run through it. Within about 2025 minutes. I mean, it's really pretty simple. It's not a three hour ordeal, you know, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very good.
Christina Badura: I forgot all about it.
Christina Badura: And I have my baby. I'm like, crap. I almost had to reschedule. And what know just let her do it now.
Christina Badura: So she's eating lunch.
Oh,
Christina Badura: Older
Right to your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay. I was like, Wait, I thought your five months pregnant right
Yeah.
Yeah, I think.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We got time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: First question is what brings you to bright heart.
Christina Badura: I'm
Christina Badura: The Suboxone
Christina Badura: Cuz my group closed. I think you know that I don't really know how to answer that because I had to switch over, because our group shut down didn't have a doctor anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As your kind of recruit with Dr groups.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so the next question some of the questions you'll look at me crazy. I'm telling you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But they're just questions that are on the bio site so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. The second question is,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not here for pain right for pain management.
Christina Badura: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. So the third question is your substance abuse history just if you can just run through and give you a summary of your history age of first us started with the age of first use and what it was and how it progressed to the point of recovery for you.
Christina Badura: Okay. Um, when I was 16 I tried myth, a few times, you know, not a lot, but somebody begged me to do it. And I finally did it with them.
Christina Badura: And then
Christina Badura: I ended up getting pregnant with my first daughter when I was 17 so I quit doing that. And then I'd stayed clean until I had my son, which was two years after that, I think I was 20
Christina Badura: And then right after I had him. I got like postpartum. I think that's what you call it, and I started getting anxiety really bad.
Christina Badura: So then they prescribed me
Christina Badura: Xanax I'd never took and pills before
Christina Badura: And then so that got me started on pills, a little bit. I took them a little bit and then I moved away and I'd stayed clean for
Christina Badura: Like four years or something. And then I started taking pain pills and doing math a little bit with it and and then that got me into heroin, you know, try and heroin, a few times.
Christina Badura: And then that's when I gave my kids to my mom and started
Christina Badura: Using meth a lot more and pills hadn't used heroin for a while like for a few years. I was just using method pills and stuff.
Christina Badura: And then, then that got me into doing heroin and using needles.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how long do you have sober.
Christina Badura: Sober I have this time.
Christina Badura: I have three years in July.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have left it.
Christina Badura: Had five years and then I relapse for a year and a half or something and then now I have three years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What was the precipitating event around your relapse.
Christina Badura: Um,
Christina Badura: I couldn't see my kids, my cousin, my mom died. So my cousin ended up getting my kids and he wouldn't let me see him, you know, and I was like, well, why would I stay clean
Christina Badura: If I can't see my kids I tried for years and he wouldn't let me and then then I thought I could get off a Suboxone so I wean myself off.
Christina Badura: Stop taking it. And then I thought, okay, I'll just use a little bit, you know, because I don't have my kids. I mean, there's no reason to stay clean
Christina Badura: I don't get to see him. So then I started using a little bit and that ended up spiraling out of control where I just went into like the worst using episode.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes sense. Very much so. You know sometimes when I asked somebody what their what the event was that caused the relapse, you know, to know what it was what really caused the spiral.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, that's huge. I mean, that's how we stopped spirals from happening again. Right, we become educated we we learned about our process. And so I want to commend you on knowing what you know, was the precipitating event around that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so how any past substance abuse treatment.
Christina Badura: Um, no. Just the Suboxone and I went to a detox place this last time.
Christina Badura: Right before I got pregnant with the two year old.
Christina Badura: Okay, I went there for like four days and I left and then I went to Suboxone group right away.
So that's an even
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you've been there with with them sense
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any mental health treatment.
Christina Badura: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past suicide attempts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past homicide attempts
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No does Presidency, I told you there was good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To have
Christina Badura: They asked some weird questions. I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past self harm.
Christina Badura: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so the next piece of it is just getting information about your family unit when you were growing up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How was the family dynamics that you grew up in where you adopted. How many siblings did you have did your parents stay married throughout
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your life. If not, you know what, at what age did they divorce was their substance abuse history and you know in your family unit or mental health going on within your family unit.
Christina Badura: All of those come I don't
Christina Badura: Okay. Do you want me to just tell the story are you just going to ask. Nope.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just tell the story.
Christina Badura: Okay, no mental health with my mom and dad, I have one sister. They stayed together until I think I was about nine but he was in and out.
Christina Badura: He used everything and was an alcoholic really bad. He used to beat my mom really bad no sexual abuse or anything like that, just, I just watched my mom get, you know, beat up or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Witnessed domestic violence.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's really kind of puts you into that victim category with your mom, you know,
Christina Badura: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As a kid,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have one sibling.
Christina Badura: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is she older or younger than you.
Christina Badura: She's a year and a half, younger
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And are you guys close
Christina Badura: Yeah, we're close.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. And you and your mom.
Christina Badura: She passed away. We were very, very close until she got my kids and I was using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then
Christina Badura: We stopped talking, I would try to go over there and see the kids and she told me to leave all the time. So,
Christina Badura: No, I ended up pretty much kind of hating her for what I blamed her what she put me through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. So Katie, did you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go ahead. What
Christina Badura: I said, but she didn't do it. I did it, you know.
Christina Badura: I'm the one that use
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your diction used to your addiction did
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I could go in to all that banter. You know what I mean. Because that's exactly what the diseases. Is it just kind of wipes out everything good, you know, has that one job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah okay so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about going a little bit further back. How was school for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you graduate. Did you struggle in school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Were you bullied.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you go to college. Tell me a little bit about your schooling history.
Christina Badura: Okay. Um, it wasn't bullied.
Christina Badura: I didn't graduate until I was pregnant with my two year old. I got to my 11th grade and I had my daughter was pregnant with my son and I was in my 12th grade only had two classes left. I couldn't do it anymore. So I dropped out.
Christina Badura: But I struggled
Christina Badura: You know I struggled with math and English. It was hard for me.
Christina Badura: And haven't went to college it I plan on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are you going to study when you go
Christina Badura: I was a CNA before. So I was thinking like either nursing, but now I'm just thinking maybe go to the prison and do something to get a retirement and get something with retirement.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, um, any medical issues.
Christina Badura: No.
Christina Badura: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And tell me when your baby is do
Christina Badura: August 10
Christina Badura: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And is a boy a girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a boy. The boy. I remember you say that I wanted to make sure without guests. The meeting it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: legal history.
Christina Badura: Um, I don't have any felonies or any like convictions or anything. I don't know how you say it. I was I've gotten in trouble.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With
Christina Badura: I got caught with pills one time.
Christina Badura: But then they ended up dropping it because they went to the Suboxone group.
Christina Badura: I went to jail twice. I don't remember all the first time I went to jail. My boyfriend got his house got raided it took me gel and then
Christina Badura: I didn't get charged with anything, you know, because he was the one doing selling the drugs and stuff. So they dropped all that. Then I got caught with morphine and I went to the Suboxone group got clean for the five years. So they dropped that. So that's it.
Christina Badura: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any financial stressors at this time.
Christina Badura: No, not really.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take good, good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me some of the things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me some of the things that you would like to get out of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working with bright heart. Is there anything particular that you would like to work on that you would like to be able to touch base on while you're working with bright heart.
Christina Badura: Well, I don't know.
Christina Badura: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As food for thought. Because you have been working, you know, with Tony for a really long time. And so there's that piece of it that you've already got this long history of of awesome treatment. So you know what I mean, it's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If I can think of anything that that you would like to touch base on or you would like to work on that you haven't gotten the information for yet, just let me know and I will bring it to the table.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we can work on it through a group, you know, totally fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love bringing different things in. I love for for people to tell me what it is that they, you know, would like to explore and for me to be able to gather the information and bring it into group for me is just fun. I just like doing stuff like that so
Christina Badura: I know you do a really good job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really good job. Thank you. I enjoy working with you guys I you know I I am in a lot of different groups. And I just, I love my group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just think that you guys you know are really close knit and I love the way that you guys have been together for a long time and that, you know, to me, that's important because that's what recovery is all about, you know,
Christina Badura: Yeah, I heard the other groups are like that. They're way different than ours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, there are different for several different reasons. Number one, you don't have. I'm not gonna say any of the other providers are not awesome, but I love working with Dr groves, she has this connection with all of you know all of you guys that is pretty amazing, you know,
Christina Badura: Even on a young girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that that's a big piece of why you know the group you guys is group is the way that it is and the connection amongst yourselves. You know what I mean is huge. It's like you guys came as a unit, you know, I mean, it wasn't like one because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, Ben, brothers, they gave at once.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you know that
Christina Badura: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's pretty amazing. So, and let's see, we're done with your BIOS like that was the last question.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, pretty simple Hongzhi would I be
Here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just
Christina Badura: There's, I don't know how to really say it or if this is something that I can work on I you know I want to work on.
Christina Badura: Getting my daughter to trust me. She's in her room right next door to mine right now. And I know she can hear me, but
Christina Badura: No, I want her to learn how to trust me again. We Don't Talk Anymore and she doesn't trust me, which I understand. She doesn't want to be heard and she doesn't want to go through that. I don't know how I can work on that. I know we need counseling but
Christina Badura: Maybe someday. I don't know if we could work on that maybe give me advice someday what to do. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She is a teenager.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's definitely going to take time, but what I know I have a 16 year old and what I know is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They want to be validated and they want to be heard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they want to see that consistency that you've brought to the table, the past three years, you know, they want to see that continue, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I think that knowing her knowing that you had five years sober already. It's she's probably still insecure because you haven't been over that five years yet.
Christina Badura: So yeah, I mean, think about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I think that once you, you know, the longer that you stay sober and the longer that you're doing the deal and you're doing you get comfortable in this life, you know, the trust can be rebuilt, but it takes you know it takes time, you know. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's my two cents.
Christina Badura: Okay, thank
Christina Badura: You. That's right. I didn't think about that. She probably does. Think about that.
Christina Badura: Yes, I have a long time clean before
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and so it's easy for them to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be guarded and to think that they can't talk or that they're not being heard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what I've learned through my personal experience with my own kids is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, there's always their perception of what happened in our perception of what happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what we were what we kind of discussed a second group is dialectical thinking. So knowing that there are more truths to the situation than just ours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's her truth. And then there's your truth doesn't mean that your truth is wrong, doesn't mean that her truth is wrong. It just means that using you guys both see this, the situation from a different pair of glasses, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and just being open to allowing her to be able to communicate her side of things without defenses up with understanding and just really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Validating her feelings, you know, letting her know you hear her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Yeah.
Christina Badura: So,
Christina Badura: She won't talk about it with me at all. She says it's in the past, but so maybe one day she'll talk about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One day,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, when it comes, it comes so you know it's about when you're
Christina Badura: Ready.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be ready right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like, oh yeah, this is what she's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Talking about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Never know what new form, it's going to come. But you know when it starts to flow in it. Hopefully,
Christina Badura: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So just remember that it could come in old
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, I know that, you know, they definitely kids don't come with handbooks and it is tough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, raising teenagers, especially when they're trying to figure out who they are and trying to find their own identity, trying to make sense, you know, from the life that they lived trying to, you know, figure out feelings. Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's definitely a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hard thing girls and boys to to figure out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that would be what my suggestion would be, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Boundaries treating her with kindness, you know, and understanding but not being a pushover mom and trying to you know make up for the the past because that can never happen. But what happens is that we try to overcompensate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And kids say, wow, okay. So if I just keep bringing up these things from the past, and I'm going to get what I want. So you want to keep that piece at bay and just set boundaries in a loving manner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and we, you know, when she brings it up if she brings it up, you know, if something comes out just owning it and saying, You're right, you're right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I hear you. I know that I heard you. You're right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, kind of take the argument out of the sale.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's kind of take it, keeping yourself off the defensive and it kind of throws the other person off a little bit too because they're ready for that fight. You know what I mean. And when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You. Yeah. When you own the behavior and you just say, You know, you're absolutely right. I did do that. You're right. You know, I wasn't that great of a you know a mom and I wasn't present for you and I'm really, really sorry for that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And then all of a sudden
Christina Badura: Did it disconnect on your end,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you went to your name and then came right back.
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, those are the
tips that I can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, give you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Christina Badura: All right, go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Can I just tell you, I think that you are awesome and you did a great job and I love when you're in group and what you share, you know, you can tell them that you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's true. It's truth and from the heart.
Christina Badura: Yeah, thank you so much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're welcome. Okay, so go spend time with your baby and I will see you in group.
Christina Badura: Okay, I'll see you tomorrow morning. Oh wait, no.
Christina Badura: Idea after tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Day after tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Christina Badura: Right. Have a good day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye bye.